Talk to me, maicon beauty guys here.
starting another video of gta5 online
for you
and today I'm going to teach here how to enter
in another secret zone and this one
this is the hospital he is totally
Destroyed inside and I'll show you
you but the novelty of this video here
The way that I'm going to enter this hospital
that using this will stop the vaninho
daise you have to take out all the doors
who brings the two doors and tank
behind her and you will see what people
will do there
remembering that gave me this tip was oo
Lucas he gave me this tip then
the credits there total to him there because
Gabriel is participating too.
where always writes me then there bora
I'll show you that location.
the hospital it is O is here
exactly here and all you have to do is
do and enter here in the back
wait for him and asked for one when the guy from is
Do you have time to go out and enter?
first first in the hospital and
You will see that the hospital is
totally destroyed here what happened
will a bomb explode a bomb will not
I know you came in here and wanted everything.
destroyed local power
It's really cool to explore and it's not
I was able to walk here but it's okay.
cool, cool, I suggest you guys
do this lehmann this method the
Lucas gave me and come here on
hospital admission
can be done in another secret room
also that I will bring no video
For you there beauty, that's what I
I hope you enjoyed it
liked already know of this favorite carat
to help spread the word
no more, this is a hug, stay in peace and
until the next video said